As we just learned, Faust leverages the record type for
both serialization and deserialization.
Now, let's go ahead and see that in action.
So returning to our work space once again,
we're now opening sample 3.
We already have our data class defined our app,
and our purchases topic.
Now, the goal of our demonstration this time is to
actually write data out to an output topic.
So you can see we already have this function defined.
But we're going to modify the incoming data, the purchase data,
to convert the amount from pennies to dollars.
Let's go ahead and define our output topic first.
We'll just call it dollars topic
and we're going to define it the same way we would define an input topic.
We're going to have app.topic, com.udacity.streams.purchases.
This time we'll just add dollars to the end
to indicate that we're converting the purchases data into dollars.
The value type we're going to use is going to be purchase but
slightly different because we want to modify the amount to be a float.
So we're going to define a purchase dollars value type.
We're going to make this a float in this case. All right.
Then we're going to use the same key and we'll clean this up so it's all on one line.
So you've got a key type, a value type,
and our topic name.
So now that we have this dollars topic,
we can scroll down to our definition here of our function.
So we're going to use the.send function,
but first we need to create our actual purchases dollars object.
So we're going to instantiate that object but first,
we need to go ahead and actually instantiate it with the correct values.
So we're going to go ahead and pass in our values.
So first we're going to say the username is equal to purchase.username.
The currency is equal to purchase.currency.
The amount, this is where we're going to make the difference here.
We're going to say purchase.amount which is an int divided by a 100.
All right. Then we're going to go ahead and send it to this topic.
First, we have to specify that this is the value and that
the key is equal to username, purchase.username.
With that done, we're ready to go ahead and run our application.
So let's take a look at how this works.
We need to make sure we always specify
that worker argument because we can
see the Faust application is starting up again. All right.
I've actually made a mistake here. You can see we're getting a warning from Faust itself.
So it's mentioned, "Hey,
you called the send function which is async and you forgot to await it.
So this is a mistake on my part.
We want to make sure we put in await in front of the send.
So we want to await the send because this is an async function.
So now we've done that, I've saved,
we're going to go ahead and restart.
Then once that goes ahead and gets running,
we're going to actually open up a new terminal and use
the Kafka Console Consumer to see the data flowing through.
So as you've seen previously,
we're going to say kafka-console-consumer--bootstrap-server localhost:9092.
Finally, we simply need to specify our topic which in
this case is com.udacity.streams.purchases.dollars.
We're going to hit Enter and we're going to wait.
As you can see, we have all of our data being printed out from our Faust application.
There's a little bit of metadata here which you don't need to worry about,
Faust just adds this to the messages but I can basically track where it was generated.
There's also this amount which you'll notice is a float now instead of a raw integer.
This is a simple example of taking one input stream,
making some modification to the data,
and putting out the events in a slightly modified form.
This is an extraordinarily common use case of stream processing.
So you can see how easy that was to do.
Just to emphasize, all we did was define another topic and
simply modified the data into this other model and then sent it to this new topic.